If you've discarded a card this turn, the first character you play this turn has ↯fast.
When your judgment-rank ally is dissolved, trigger the ▸ Judgment: of your focus-rank ally there.
Once per turn, when a non-Figment ally is dissolved, materialize a Warrior figment.
Once per turn, the first 5●+ character you play enters Unbound.
Your events have reclaim equal to their cost.
Once per turn, 1●: Return a focused ally to hand.
When you play a character from your void, trigger its ▸ Materialized: ability an additional time.
Characters you materialize from your void are Unbound if the opposing slot is empty.
Your rightmost ally also has the ▸ Judgment: ability of your leftmost ally.
Characters with cost 5● or more in your void have Reclaim 2●.
At end of turn, if you have unspent ●, gain 1● for ↯fast cards until your next turn.
1●: If you have 2 or fewer cards in hand, draw until you have 3. Use only once each turn.
When you play a character, if you played an event this turn, that character gains +2 spark.
Once per turn, the first ally you materialize with cost 5● or more enters judgment.
When you prevent a card, kindle 2.
▸ Judgment: Each ally in the judgment rank gains +1✦ for each other ally in the judgment rank.
When you materialize a non-Figment character, materialize a Celestial Figment.
Once per turn, when 2 or more allies score points, gain 1✪.
Once per turn, when an ally dissolves an enemy in paired Judgment, it doesn't return to focus rank.
Once per turn, 1●: The next event you play this turn that dissolves or banishes an enemy gains Reclaim 0●.
Your events that cost 2● or less are copied.
Once per turn, when you materialize a character, gain 1● for each other ally.
When you discard a card, you may discard an additional card.
Once per turn, when you prevent a card, the next event you play this turn is copied.
1●: Foresee 2. You may play the top card of your deck this turn.
When you play an event, kindle 1.
Characters with cost 5● or more in your void have reclaim 2●.
2●: Choose an ally. Its next ▸ Judgment: triggers an additional time this turn.
Allies in your judgment rank have '▸ Judgment: You may discard a card.'
Once per turn, when you discard a card, allied characters in the judgment rank gain +1 spark.
When you materialize behind a judgment-rank ally, trigger that card's ▸ Materialized again.
↯fast -- 3●: Copy the next ↯fast event you play this turn.
At end of your turn, with 2+ unspent ●, a ↯fast event in your void gains reclaim 0●.
1●, Return an ally to hand: Your next event this turn costs 2● less.
Once per turn, when you prevent a card, return it to hand. It costs 1● more until end of next turn.
Survivor cards cost you 1● less.
Once per turn, Abandon an ally: Your next character from hand costs that ally's cost less.
Once per turn, when you return an ally to hand, it costs 1● less this turn.
Once per turn, 2●: Materialize a 1✦ copy of another allied Survivor.
Once per turn, when you return an ally to hand, your next higher-cost character costs 2● less.
When you discard a card, materialize a Radiant Figment.
Your focus-rank Figments add their spark to your judgment-rank ally in their column.
When you play your second event each turn, gain 1✪.
2●: Your next character this turn has unbound.
1●: Choose an event in your void. The next event you copy becomes a copy of it.
Characters you abandon gain reclaim equal to their cost.
Once per turn, when you materialize a 5●+ void character, trigger its ▸ Dissolved: ability.
Once per turn, 2●: Trigger the ▸ Materialized: ability of an ally.
Once per turn, when you foresee, gain 1●.
Allies with a ▸ Judgment: ability remain in the judgment rank after Judgment.
Once per turn, when you discard a card, trigger the ▸ Judgment ability of a judgment-rank ally.
2●: Reveal a 5●+ card in hand. Play the top card of your deck if it costs less.
Once per turn, when you foresee, draw a card.
When you kindle, kindle an additional 1.
Allied characters with cost 2● or less have Preeminence.
Characters you materialize gain +1 spark for each other character materialized this turn.
Once per turn, 1●: If you've played 2 other events, trigger an ally's ▸ Judgment: ability.
When you play a card, you may discard a card.
Allied Figments have +1 spark for each other allied Figment of the same type.
Characters cost 1● less for each ally in the judgment rank.
Once on each turn, when you play your second event, gain 1✪.
When an allied character is dissolved, you may materialize a character with higher cost from your void.
Once per turn, when you play a ↯fast card, you may move an ally to the judgment rank.
When a card enters your void from your deck, kindle 1.
Once per turn, when you discard a character, materialize a 1✦ copy of it.
Cards you draw during the opponent's turn have ↯fast until end of turn.
When an enemy is dissolved, materialize an unbound Shadow Figment in that column.
Your events cost 1● less for each card you discarded this turn.
▸ Your second event each turn: Your next two events this turn cost 1● less.
Supported allies have +1 spark. Once per turn, after one survives Judgment, return its supporter.
Characters with a ▸ Materialized: ability cost 1● less.
When an ally's ▸ Materialized: ability triggers, gain 1●.
Your ally with the most spark scores double ✪.
Allies in your leftmost and rightmost occupied judgment columns have Unstoppable.
▸ Dawn: Materialize a Figment. Allies supported by a Figment have +1 spark.
Once per turn, when you return, banish, or prevent an enemy during your turn, gain 1●.
Once per turn, when a 5●+ character materializes, choose a column. Allies there gain +2 spark.
Your ↯fast cards cost 1● less.
Allied non-Figment characters with cost 3● or less have '▸ Dissolved: Materialize a Shadow Figment.'
Allies in the focus rank have 'Abandon this character: Gain 2●.'
Once per turn, when cards enter your void from your deck, return a card from your void to hand.
Once per turn, when you banish and materialize an ally, draw a card.
Allied Figments have '▸ Dissolved: Materialize a Figment of the same type.'
Your second event each turn costs 1● less.
When you materialize a non-Figment character, it gains +1 spark for each allied Figment.
When you draw your second card each turn, gain 2●.
Once per turn, when you play a ↯fast card, draw a card.
Allied Survivors have +1✦.
Once per turn, when you play a character with cost 2● or less, materialize a copy with 1 spark.
When you dissolve an enemy, your ally with the lowest spark gains spark equal to that enemy's spark.
Once per turn, when you materialize a character costing 1● or less, materialize a Halcyon Figment.
At the start of the game, draw your highest-cost character. It gains +2 spark.
2●, Return an allied Warrior to hand: Materialize two Warrior figments.
The first card you put into your void from your deck each turn gains reclaim equal to its cost.
2●, Discard a character: Materialize a character with cost 5● or more from your void.
While you have 8+ cards in your void, your events cost 1● less.
When you play a card from your void, draw a card.
Once per turn, when an ally returns to hand, materialize a 1✦ figment in its column.
Once per turn, when one effect draws you 2 or more cards, gain 1 maximum ●.
2●, Banish 2 cards from your void: Materialize a Shadow Figment.
Allies in the focus rank have '▸ Dawn: Foresee 1.'
1●: Choose an ally. When it is dissolved this turn, discover a character with cost 1● higher.
Once per turn, when you draw your second card, gain 2●.
2●: This turn, your next 5●+ character makes the opponent's events cost 2● more until next turn.
When you discard a character, materialize a copy of it with 1 spark.
Supported allies have +1 spark and Dread 1.
2●: Test an ally against an enemy. If your ally survives, it gains +1 spark.
The first Warrior with cost 3● or less you materialize each turn materializes a 1-spark copy of itself.
Once per turn, when you discard a card, draw a card.
At end of your turn, if you spent 6●+ this turn, each enemy loses 1 spark until next turn.
Once per turn, when an allied ▸ Judgment: ability triggers, gain 1●.
Allied characters have Steadfast.
Your first card from your void each turn costs 1● less.
When a ▸ Materialized: ability of an ally triggers, that ally gains +1✦.
Once per turn, the first character you play from hand into an occupied column costs 2● less.
Once per turn, the first ▸ Materialized: ability you trigger triggers an additional time.
Once per turn, after an ally beats an enemy, return a character up to its spark from your void.
When you play an event, each ally in the focus rank gains +1 spark.
When an ally is dissolved in judgment, the focus-rank ally in its column gains +2 spark.
Abandon an ally: Gain ● equal to that ally's cost.
Your Warriors cost 1● less.
When you materialize a character in a column with another ally, kindle 1.
First ally returned to your hand each turn triggers ▸ Materialized: again when replayed.
Once per turn, when an effect adds spark to only one ally, add that much again.
Cards with cost 5● or more in your hand and deck have +2 spark.
A character replayed from hand triggers its ▸ Materialized: ability an additional time.
Once per turn, when you abandon a non-Figment ally, materialize a 1-spark copy of it.
When an ally dissolves an enemy in judgment, it gains +2✦.
2●: A 3●-or-less ally gains Unstoppable this turn. Activate only if an enemy left play.
With 7+ cards in your void, the first Survivor you play each turn triggers its ▸ Judgment: ability.
↯fast -- 2●: Return a ↯fast event from your void to your hand.
When you play your third card in a turn, materialize two Figments.
Once per turn, when an allied Survivor is dissolved, materialize a random Survivor from your deck.
Once per turn, when you dissolve or banish an enemy, materialize a Shadow Figment.
When you prevent a card, allies in the judgment rank each gain +1 spark.
When you abandon an ally, trigger its ▸ Dissolved: ability an additional time.
1●, Abandon an ally: When your next void character materializes this turn, it Tests an enemy.
The first non-Figment you materialize each turn gains +1 spark for each allied Figment.
Characters you materialize from your void have unbound.
Your leftmost judgment-rank ally has +1 spark for each card you drew this turn beyond the first.
Once per turn, when you copy an event, gain 1●.
Allied Figments have +1 spark.
Your foresee effects see 2 additional cards.
Once per turn, when an enemy leaves play on your turn, your next 5●+ character costs 2● less.
When you return an ally to hand, materialize a Celestial Figment.
1●: An enemy cannot move to the judgment rank until your next turn.
The opponent's ↯fast cards cost 1● more.
Once per turn, when a Warrior or Survivor is dissolved, your next character gains its ▸ Dissolved ability.
Your cards with cost 5● or more have ↯fast.
Your Figments are Warriors in addition to their other types.
Once per turn, when you abandon an ally, trigger its ▸ Materialized: ability.
The first card you discard each turn may be played from your void this turn.
When you play a character, the next character you play this turn costs 2● less.
2●: Return an ally to hand. Your next character this turn costs 2● less and gains +2 spark.
3●: Return another ally to hand. Your highest-spark ally gains +2 spark and Preeminence.
Enemy judgment-rank characters opposite your judgment-rank characters lose 2 spark.
Your first ↯fast event on each opponent turn costs 1● less.
Warriors in your void have Reclaim equal to their cost.
Your characters cost 1● less for each 3 events in your void.
Characters you materialize have unbound if you returned an ally to hand this turn.
Characters with ▸ Materialized cost you 1● less.
When the opponent plays an event, they discard a card.
When an enemy is dissolved, kindle 1.
Once per turn, abandon a non-Figment ally: materialize a character from your deck costing 1● more.
When you play an event, the next event you play this turn costs 1● less.
Characters you play with cost 5● or more enter the judgment rank.
The second ally you materialize each turn triggers its ▸ Materialized ability again.
Once on your turn, when you play your third event, it gains Reclaim 0●.
When you abandon a judgment-rank ally, your next materialized character this turn is unbound.
Your events have ↯fast.
Once on your turn, after your second event, choose a column. Your attacker there is Unstoppable.
Allied Warriors cost you 1● less.
The first character you draw each turn costs 2● less this turn.
1●: Choose Event or Character. The first enemy card of that type next turn costs 2● more.
At end of turn, if you materialized 2 allies, trigger the last one's ▸ Materialized ability.
Your events that prevent cards have reclaim equal to their cost.
Your first character with cost 2● or less each turn costs 1● less.
Allied ↯fast characters have unbound.
2●: Trigger the ▸ Judgment: ability of an ally.
Once per turn, when a card enters your void from your deck, gain 1●. With 7+, gain 2● instead.
When your void first reaches 5 cards, kindle 2. At 10, kindle 2 and gain 1✪.
Once per turn, when you abandon a non-Figment ally, materialize a Shadow Figment.
Once per turn, abandon an ally: Materialize a random character with cost 1● higher from your deck.
While you control 3+ Survivors, cards in your void have reclaim equal to their cost.
When you materialize a character with cost 4● or more, dissolve an enemy with the lowest spark.
Allies have +1✦ for each character you materialized this turn.
The first character you play from your void each turn is Unbound.
Once per turn, when you play a character returned to hand this turn, return a lower-cost ally.
When you draw a character, materialize a Celestial Figment.
▸ Judgment: If you have 4+ allied Figments, gain 2●.
Your focus-rank characters have '▸ Judgment: Put the top card of your deck into your void.'
Characters you abandon have reclaim equal to their cost.
Once per turn, when you abandon a focus-rank ally, its column's judgment-rank ally gains +3 spark.
For each ally in the focus rank, your events cost 1● less.
▸ Judgment: If exactly one ally is in judgment, it gains +2 spark and Unstoppable.
When you abandon an ally, kindle X where X is that ally's ✦.
Your judgment-rank characters have +1✦ for each other allied judgment-rank character.
At the end of your turn, if you played no cards during your main phase, gain 1✪.
Your events cost 1● less.
When you abandon an ally, each ally in that ally's column gains +2✦.
Allied characters have '▸ Dissolved: Draw a card.'
At end of turn, if you discarded, choose a cost. Enemy cards of that cost cost 1● more next turn.
Your events cost 1● less while you control 2+ Survivors.
Once per turn, when an ally is dissolved, return a character with lower cost from your void to hand.
Reveal the top card of your deck. It costs 1● less.
Cards you discard are put on top of your deck instead of into your void.
When you materialize a character from your void, it gains +3 spark.
1●, Abandon a Figment: Another allied Figment gains +3 spark.
Focus-rank allies have ↯fast -- Abandon this: Prevent a played card unless its controller pays 2●.
Once per turn, when you play a card with cost 5● or more, gain 1✪.
Your characters with cost 4● or more have dread 2.
When you materialize a Warrior, you may move an allied Warrior to the judgment rank.
3●: Copy the last event that resolved this turn.
Your characters cost 2● less. Your character limit is 3.
When you return an ally to hand, kindle 1.
▸ Dawn: Each allied Figment gains +1 spark.
The first event you play from your void each turn costs 0●.
Once per turn, the first extra card you draw costs 2● less. After you play it, gain 1●.
▸ Dawn: Reveal the top card of your deck. If it's a Warrior, materialize it.
The first targeted event you copy each turn also targets an adjacent character.
Once per turn, when you materialize a Figment, allied Figments of its type gain +1 spark.
Supported Survivors have +1 spark and Steadfast.
Your characters have '↯fast -- Abandon this character: Prevent a played card.'
Once per turn, abandon an ally: gain 2●.
Your characters with cost 5● or more have +2 spark.
↯fast -- 2●: Move an allied focused character to judgment. It gains +2 spark this turn.
2●, Return a Warrior to hand: Materialize two Warrior figments.
Once per turn, when you discard a card, return a different card from your void to hand.
Once per turn, when you discard a card, your next character this turn enters unbound.
The first time each turn a non-Figment ally is dissolved, materialize a 1-spark copy of it.
The first ↯fast card you play during the opponent's turn costs 1● less.
Once per turn, when you play an event, discover an event with lower cost.
Once per turn, when you play a character from hand for less than its cost, trigger ▸ Materialized again.
Cards you draw from card effects have ↯fast this turn.
Allied Warriors cost you 1● less.
Your events that dissolve enemies cost 1● less for each enemy you dissolved this turn.
Allied non-Figments enter with +1✦ for each ally that left play this turn.
Once per turn, when an ally becomes supported, return an event from your void to your hand.
Once per turn, discard a card: Gain 1●.
Allied characters in the judgment rank have ▸ Dissolved: Return this character to your hand.
1●: Your next event this turn has ↯fast. If it's the opponent's turn, it costs 1● less.
Once per turn, when you play the top card of your deck, move an ally to an empty judgment column.
When you move a character to the judgment rank, it gains +1 spark.
Once per turn, when you dissolve an enemy, your next character this turn costs 2● less.
1●: The next allied character with cost 2● or less you materialize this turn is Unbound.
2●: Discover a card with cost 5● or more from your deck.
Once per turn, 2●: Trigger the ▸ Materialized: ability of an ally.
Once per turn, play a character from your hand for 0●. Its spark becomes 1.
Allied Survivors in the focus rank have '▸ Judgment: Kindle 1.'
Once per turn, when you play a Warrior with cost 2● or less, materialize a copy of it.
When you materialize a character, you may abandon an ally to give it +3 spark.
Figments in your judgment rank have +1 spark for each other Figment in your judgment rank.
2●: Banish an allied focused character. Materialize it at end of turn.
First ally you banish and materialize each turn triggers ▸ Materialized: again.
The opponent's cards cost 1● more.
Your leftmost ally's ▸ Judgment: ability triggers an additional time.
Once per turn, when a Warrior enters your judgment rank, materialize a Warrior figment.
When you play a card with cost 5● or more, each enemy loses 1 spark.
Once each turn, an ally entering an empty column puts your top card into the void. At 7+, it gets +2✦.
Once per turn, after your third allied ▸ Judgment: ability, trigger another Judgment phase.
Cards you discard gain reclaim 2●.
Your ally with the most spark has steadfast and dread 2.
Characters you return to hand gain +2✦.
Your characters with cost 2● or less have +1✦.
When you materialize a character, kindle 1.
When you discard a card, materialize a Shadow Figment.
Once per turn, when you materialize a Warrior with cost 2● or less, materialize a 1✦ copy of it.
The first card you draw each turn becomes Foresee 3, then draw one of those cards.
When you materialize a character with cost 2● or less, gain 1●.
The second card you discard each turn gains Reclaim 0● this turn.
At the start of the opponent's turn, choose a cost in their void. Cards of that cost cost 1● more.
Your single-enemy dissolve and banish effects give other enemies -1 spark.
Once per turn, if an enemy left play this turn, your next 3●-or-less ally repeats its ▸ Materialized ability.
Once per turn, when you materialize a second Survivor, trigger its ▸ Materialized: ability.
Once per turn, after an allied ▸ Judgment:, you may banish it, then materialize it.
2●: A character in your hand gains "▸ Judgment: Trigger its ▸ Materialized ability."
The second time you discard a card each turn, your next card this turn costs 2● less.
Characters with cost 5● or more cost you 2● less.
Once per turn, when you dissolve or banish a second enemy in a turn, gain 1✪.
When you discard a card, the opponent's next card costs 1● more.
Once per turn, when you materialize your second character, draw a card.
Once per turn, when you abandon an ally, play a character from hand with cost 1● higher for 0●.
Abandon an ally: An enemy loses spark equal to that ally's spark.
The first character you draw each turn gains '▸ Materialized: Materialize a Warrior figment.'
Your cards and abilities that target exactly one ally cost 1● less.
Once per turn, when you play an event with cost 2● or less, it gains reclaim 0●.
↯fast characters you play have Unbound.
Once per turn, when an ally moves to the judgment rank, trigger its ▸ Materialized: ability.
During Dawn, trigger the ▸ Judgment: ability of each ally.
Allied characters with a ▸ Judgment: ability have +1✦.
Cards you prevent are added to your hand.
Characters you play from your void gain '▸ Materialized: Materialize a Shadow figment.'
Your figments have 'Abandon this: A 3● or less character in your void gains reclaim 0●.'
Once per turn, 2●: Each ally gains +1 spark.
Once per turn, when a card with cost 5● or more resolves, draw a card.
Once per turn, if your first card returned or banished an enemy, your next 2●-or-less card costs 2● less.
Supported allies have '▸ Judgment: Draw a card.'
2●: Materialize a Survivor from your void. Abandon it at end of turn.
Once per turn, when you materialize a Survivor with 2 allied Survivors, trigger its ▸ Judgment: ability.
1●, once per turn: Put your top 3 cards into your void. With 10+, your next character costs 2● less.
Once per turn, when you discard a character, you may pay 1●. Materialize its 1-spark copy.
The first event you prevent each turn returns to its owner's hand. It costs 1● more.
↯fast events in your void have reclaim equal to their cost.
Once per turn, when an ally scores ✪, kindle 2.
Once per turn, after you copy an event, the next different event you play is copied.
Once per turn, when you play your second character, materialize a Warrior figment.
At end of turn, you may pay 1● to materialize a character you abandoned this turn with +2 spark.
Your first character with cost 5● or more each turn costs 2● less.
Once per turn, when you play an event, you may discard a card to copy it.
1●: Your next non-Figment ally to leave play this turn materializes a Shadow figment.
Once per turn, when you play a ↯fast card during the opponent's turn, gain 2●.
Characters with a ▸ Materialized: ability have reclaim equal to their cost.
Characters with cost 3● or less have ↯fast.
Allied characters' ▸ Dissolved: abilities trigger an additional time.
When you materialize an ally, you may set its spark to 0. If you do, kindle that amount.
▸ Dawn: Play a copy of the last event you played last turn for 0●.
Once on your turn, when you play your second event, kindle 2.
While you have more allies in the focus rank than the judgment rank, your events are copied.
Your allies in the judgment rank have Unstoppable.
Once per turn, when a character enters your void from deck, with 8+ there, materialize a 1✦ copy.
Your first 3●-or-less ally each turn may materialize Unbound in an empty enemy column.
Your first 5●+ character each turn costs 2● less.
The first event you play from your void each turn is copied.
▸ Dawn: Return each event you played from your void last turn to your hand.
Once per turn, when you prevent a card, an event in your void gains reclaim 0● this turn.
At end of turn, materialize a Warrior figment in each empty column with allies on both sides.
When an ally is dissolved, the next character you play this turn costs 2● less.
The first prevent card you play each turn costs 1● less.
When an ally dissolves an enemy in judgment, kindle 1.
▸ Dawn: The most expensive character in your hand costs 3● less this turn.
Once per turn, when one of your characters survives a paired judgment, draw a card.
Characters in hand have ↯fast. The first you play each opponent turn has Unbound.
Supported allies have Dread 1.
Once per turn, when you materialize a character with cost 3● or less, you may return an ally to hand.
Once per turn, when you abandon an ally, your highest-cost character in your void gains Reclaim 0●.
Once per turn, when you foresee, you may put a card from your void on top of your deck.
Cards cost at least 2●.
2●: A character with cost 3● or less in your void gains reclaim 0● this turn.
Once per turn, when you banish and materialize an ally, materialize a Radiant Figment.
1●: Discard a card, then draw a card.
